I'll kill you stop right there. I said get back
The chain that you use on
This one
Simon, I want you to break every bone in his head
I want you to dump this asshole in the woods
You're welcome
It's okay. I got you
This scum bag out of you, come on
This damn bitch
was getting in my way
Well, this out of fetch
a nice prize
Where am I?
You're at one of my houses
Don't worry
I had the best doctors look at you
The babies are both fine
You know?
I'm getting a DNA test tomorrow
If the babies are both mine
then we'll get married
You're getting married?
My soul's your visa problem, doesn't it?
And don't worry
Your mother was already set up in a private facility
receiving 24-hour professional care
Let's try to get some rest, okay?
Thank you
How much do I owe you?
I promise I'll find a way to pay you back
You don't know me anything
Don't worry about money
Just don't ever lie to me
Oh my god, my necklace
The one I've had since childhood
It's gone
The necklace should have won too
I need to find it
Wait, my necklace is special?